Update index.md (#14488)
docker/docker.github.io: desktop/linux/index.md

docker.io/molly/privateimage:latest
```

> ## Report a bug

Reviewer: Should we call it "Feedback" so we can collect general feedback and any bugs?

> Please report any bugs via the Issues tracker within the [docker/desktop-linux repo](https://github.com/docker/desktop-linux/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks for trying out the Docker Desktop Linux (beta) release. We'd love to hear from you. You can provide feedback and report any bugs through the **Issues** tracker within the [docker/desktop-linux](https://github.com/docker/desktop-linux/issues){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"} repository.
```
